

Senior level expertises skills in AWS services, cyber-security, security architect, AWS advanced networking, infrastructure, security and cryptography.

Proficient with Linux OSs, bash-scripting and Python.

Advanced knowledge in pen-testing infrastructures and web-apps, OWASP TOP 10.

Sometimes, I am also a trainer for members of my organisation, friends and family.

I have  couple of hobbies with Raspberry Pi, with WireGuard's VPN multi-site completed recently.

Love for family, outdoor sports and motorcycles.

---- 

13+ years experienced in the IT security industry, mostly working in complex networks.

2006 started professional career as HelpDesk support for enterprise customers with dedicated internet circuits, while studying at the Cisco Network Academy (Cisco NetAcad) in the evenings.

2008 I started working as Networking and IT Security Consultant.

Designed, implemented and managed various firewalls (vendors from Cisco, Juniper, Fortinet/FortiGate, CheckPoint, SonicWALL, WatchGuard...) also routers and switches.

Performed audits ISO27001, PCI compliance on large enterprises, bank, financial institutions and insurances companies, both on private and public sector.

Delivered projects on IT security and pen-testing using Kali (BackTrack), OpenVAS and AlienVault OSSIM.

I was on-site for about 3 years in Luanda-Angola, where I build the national network infrastructure to support the ID-card project for the Minister of Defence.
Also trained 20+ local IT Engineers.

2011 United Kingdom as IT security and senior networking engineer.

Lead and delivered multiple firewall migrations projects.
Architected networks for schools and other private companies.
Trained 30+ IT professionals.
Built a Nagios monitoring system to proactively monitor 200+ companies and automatically notified the Helpdesk team in case of any anomalies.

2012 joined Amazon.co.uk. Moved through roles of IT support engineer, networking engineer and infrastructure engineer.
Delivered projects across EMEA.

2017 joined Amazon Web Services (AWS) as Solutions Architect.

Helped many customers of any size with their journey to cloud.
Engagement from technical teams, directors, executive and C-level.

Become Cloud Networking specialist and Cloud Security specialist.

---

other keywords: TLS/SSL, encryption, openssl, Linux, Windows Servers, load balances, ethical hacking, auditing and pen testing, Kali Linux/Backtrack, OpenVAS, VMware, DNS management, Squid Proxy, RedHat, CentOS, Ubuntu, Debian, OSI Layer 2 and 3, core internet protocols TCP, IP, UDP, DNS, SMTP, HTTP, HTTPS. OSPF, BGP, EIGRP
